I'm Barney from the good food cookery
team and today I'm going to show you how
to carve your Christmas turkey so the
turkeys roasted we've let it rest for 40
minutes first thing you need to do is
remove the legs we're just going to cut
with the skin between the leg and the
main body and you just ease the leg down
away from the body and here you'll find
a ball and socket joint so there we have
our thigh and our leg I'm just going to
bring that to another board we're going
to cut through the drumstick and the
thigh there's our drumstick and there's
our thigh meat you can leave those whole
or you can carve them okay so I've
removed both legs now I'm going to show
you two ways to carve the breasts first
thing I'm going to do is move the wings
get in the way now we're just going to
carve the breast classic way of doing it
so you get nice slices at the table what
you want to do is cut around a bottom of
the breast so the slices come off easily
then just carve beautiful slices of
breast meat so this is your classic
carvery way of slicing your turkey but
that isn't that gorgeous
really nice succulent just lysis of
Turkey then the other way is by taking
the whole breast off the bone and before
round here as I did
like so that gives us a beautiful bit of
meat which is really easy to carve it's
just like really nice a stain or as
thick as you want beautiful slices ready
to serve
there's your carved turkey ready to
serve
happy Christmas where everyone a good
food